fixed wrong historical fact in Symbol.unscopables page (#34646)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/symbol/unscopables/index.md

### Scoping in with statements

The following code works fine in ES5 and below. However, in ECMAScript 2015, the {{jsxref("Array.prototype.values()")}} method was introduced. That means that inside a `with` environment, "values" would now be the `Array.prototype.values()` method and not the variable outside the `with` statement.

```js
var values = [];

with (values) {
  // If @@unscopables did not exist, values would become Array.prototype.values starting with ECMAScript 2015.
  // And an error would have occurred.
  values.push("something");
}
```

> The code containing `with(values)` caused some websites to malfunction in Firefox when `Array.prototype.values()` was added ([Firefox Bug 883914](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=883914)).
> 
> That's why the `@@unscopables` symbol was introduced. This is because if such issues persist, not only `values` but also other array methods that could be added in the future would not be able to use common names.
> 
> A built-in `@@unscopables` setting is implemented as {{jsxref("Array/@@unscopables", "Array.prototype[@@unscopables]")}} to prevent some of the Array methods being scoped into the `with` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code containing `with (values)` caused some websites to malfunction in Firefox when `Array.prototype.values()` was added ([Firefox Bug 883914](https://bugzil.la/883914)). If `@@unscopables` symbol wasn't introduced, any future array method addition may be breaking if it implicitly changes the `with` scope. That's why the `@@unscopables` symbol was introduced, and implemented on `Array` as {{jsxref("Array/@@unscopables", "Array.prototype[@@unscopables]")}} to prevent some of the Array methods being scoped into the `with` statement.
```

Author: I have made the changes according to your review. Thank you for the review!
